Hi, everyone, this lecture working, going to create the removed superhero function.
All right, so now we know that the store superhero is a static class or it means that it has static
functions so we don't have to instantiate it every time.
So what we are going to do is we just called it, we just called it and put a method on it.
And then we are going to go ahead to the store superhero class and we are going to create that method.
So we are going to say removing superheroes from the class.
Yeah, from the.
So now what is the name of this function?
It is removed superhero.
Right.
So I'm going to say remove superhero.
What is the parameter for which we have the argument it is going to be the collect superhero.
Just going to pass it right here.
So where is what is this superhero?
We know what that is.
It's the superhero that the user has clicked on and we know where it's where it's coming from.
It's coming from this line.
We have selected it.
We have put it in, said you could go ahead and put this inside the the parentheses, but I think that's
not a good idea.
We should store it inside a variable and then just pass on the variable there.
This is more professional.
So that's come here.
OK, so what it is that we want to do, first off, let's go ahead and let's call our superhero list.
So we are going to say superhero list and we are going to store superhero to get superhero.
Right.
So this is going to give us all the superheroes which are inside the local storage.
It comes from this function which we have talked about it.
Right.
And it is going to give us that.
And then when we received the list, we are simply going to loop over that list to find out which superhero
matches the clicked superhero.
Right.
So for that, we are going to say the superhero, what is the superhero that we want?
And this for each is also going to give us the index of that superhero object, OK, because objects
are inside an array.
So objects are array items.
NRA items have indices.
Right.
And we are going to say F and you know why we do F because f this superhero has a name which is equal
to the superhero, then we just want to remove it from that array.
So we are going to say superhero dart superhero name.
If it is, if it equals the CLECs superhero what it is that we want to do, we want to grab our Hoopes
superhero list and we are going to call this Pliss method on it.
We are going to splice now what is the index that we want to remove?
It is the index of that specific superhero that has an equal name as the superhero and how many items
we want to remove.
We just want to remove one item and now we have successfully removed it.
So we need to let the local stories, you know as well.
So the way that this works is whenever we retrieve items from the local is using this line, we iterate
over it with this piece of code and we pass in a a condition if the condition this is the condition,
we just went over it and then this superhero list is going to be changed.
So this superhero list is not the same list as we retrieve because one item has been removed from it.
So we need to pass the superhero he released back to the local storage as well.
That's how this list is going to be updated.
So we retrieve the the the list.
We remove one item from it and then we send it back to the local storage.
OK, so that's the process.
And the name should just make sure that the names are the same.
So here we have said superheroes, wi superheroes, because when we initially when we sent him to the
local storage, we have said superheroes.
So keep in mind that all the superheroes, they should be the same.
Otherwise you're going to have like conflicting superhero keys in the local storage and you're not going
to be able to remove it.
So you have to make sure that this superhero, when when you get it, it should have the same name,
the same key name when you said it, when you get it once more here, it should have the same when you
said it, it should have the same name when you said it here, it should have the same name.
So the second argument is going to be our Jason String.
If we convert converted in order to be stored inside the local storage, we need to convert it to a
format that local storage can pass.
And understand, and we used it in a string of five because we convert a JavaScript value to a JavaScript
value to a JSON string.
That's why it's a string.
If I just string it.
And what it is that we want to string, we want to string the superhero list.
So now if I come here, you can see that we have this is the index that we select.
See, this is the index.
It is provided to us automatically.
So now if I click on the Hawkeye and Hawkeye has an index of two, it should be removed.
So clicked.
Hawkeye's is now removed because Stalder remove superhero is not a function at 158.
So remove 158.
It's down below.
Remove superhero, did I right store that, uh, hmm, store superhero that remove superhero, is it
the same name as we have here?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
It should be static.
It should be a static method.
So let's save it.
Let's go over this one more time and let's click on the Harki.
And if I click it and you can see that hockey has been removed from this list, we have Superman, Black
Panther, Antman and Flash, Superman, Black Panther, Antman and Flash.
So if I were to say, like, I want to add Aquaman and I can say DC talks to fish, and if I add it,
you can see that Aquaman has been added here.
So if I click, let's say let's remove Superman and no, let's remove Aquaman talks to fish.
Weird.
So let's go ahead and click on it.
Aquaman is removed.
Click on the black.
No, I'm not going to remove Black Panther.
I'm going to remove Antman removed.
Flash removed, Superman removed.
We are going to keep Black Panther.
All right, so now at this stage, our application is completed, you can see that whenever this is
the key that I was talking about.
So if you provide a different key, you're going to have a different key here with a different value
and you will not be accessing that.
So you cannot write to that or you can remove from that.
Just make sure all the keys are the same, OK, when you provide the key.
So this is going to be it for our application.
And we went over a lot of very cool concepts.
And we also we talked about two different kinds of using classes, static, and then like the kind which
are like not so static or dynamic and we instantiate them, OK.
So we also talked about how we can use event handlers with the with the classes.
And if you go over this project, you can use this project as a template for other projects in case
you're interested in this kind of code in this.
I think this is neat.
I think this this looks professional and especially if you're trying to apply for a job putting object
oriented programming skills under your resume or as we call a CV, that's going to increase your chances
of getting hired.
So make sure you work with this project.
You just go ahead and recreate it like a couple of times and like from memory.
And then you can use this template to create other projects, other OLP projects, create a few of them
added to your resume or CV, and I'm sure it is going to increase your chances of getting hired.
And also this is going to be it for this chapter and this video and see you guys in the next one.